this is Doug's brand new racing Sim we
spared no expense to allow Doug to take
full advantage of a Lamborghini Kos
without risking his real one getting
impounded and although this setup is
relatively cheap for a Lambo with an
$118,000 price tag this virtual car
eclipses the cost of many used cars
there's only one small problem it isn't
currently together and I need to leave
for the airport in 5 hours well we
better get cracking folks and build this
as fast as we possibly can thanks to
some help from our sponsor origin PC who
were kind enough to not just sponsor
this video but also send over an
absolute top-of-the-line PC that's even
painted to resemble Doug's personal
Lambo you can check that out at the link
below now this isn't going to be the
most over-the-top racing Sim we've ever
put together the one we have upstairs
probably has a few more features but in
talking to Doug's team it became clear
that they weren't necessarily looking
for the ultimate racing Sim they were
looking for a really good racing Sim
that U actually works every time you sit
down at it that means that things like a
full motion rig a multim monitor setup
and VR are out of the question that also
means we needed a little bit of help we
weren't aware we needed help but when we
reached out to Advanced Sim racing a Sim
racing builder in Quebec their co-owner
Mark Andre looked at our parts list and
he said eh not bad but it would be way
better if you just let us select all the
best parts so that's exactly what
happened starting with this ASR Pro
cockpit with a custom paint job it's
made of extruded aluminum so it's super
strong easy to adjust and most
importantly easily expandable with
accessories like this heavyduty TV stand
a PC stand a keyboard tray anything you
want as cool as triple monitor setups
might
be there a bit of a pain in the butt to
configure especially in your various
games so we went with the Predator
z57 have you ever seen one of these in
person no the resolution of it is 8k
horizontally by half of that vertically
so you're basically running at half of
8K and this is about the wildest curved
monitor we have ever seen W there we go
not bad right wow it really does seem
like one giant windshield yeah
the only drawback is this only runs at
120 HZ I'm very
sorry all I know is that it has a
Lamborghini on it fair enough
everything's got a Lamborghini on it
let's take a look at this rig that
origin sent over even though we are
targeting a mere 120 frames per second
because of the resolution and the
importance of Maximum visual Fidelity in
Sim racing origin spared no expense
creating Doug's PC we're talking a ryzen
9 9950 X processor with 16 cores and a
5.7 GHz max turbo a Corsair h150i LCD
liquid CPU Cooler and Asus Rog Crosshair
x670 hero motherboard 64 gigs of Corsair
Dominator titanium ddr5 memory an Nvidia
RTX 490 4 terab of nvme storage and of
Corsair RM 1200X shift power supply
they've got a couple limited time offers
running right now we'll have those
Linked In the video description but the
most important thing is not limited time
and that is that they warranty includes
free lifetime phone service which don't
take this the wrong way but you seem
like you might need yeah definitely Car
Guy Tech guy I needed to be coached on
how to pronounce Lamborghini it's kunak
uh kunach kunach sorry we all got our
Specialties so with that in mind the
trading Wheels come off now and you are
going to put together the rest of the
car PC the good news is most of this
should be pretty self-explanatory like
this steering wheel exactly this is your
wheel base the mosa racing r21 it has 21
new M of peak torque you would know
torque I got torque yeah so that
basically means that it could pretty
much break your wrist if you were stupid
enough to put your hands in it and the
force feedback went wild wow okay that's
what I'm looking for for one of these
that 21 newm of torque that's a maximum
and in most cases you wouldn't
experience more than about 10 in an
actual race car unless you crash of
course so you're probably going to want
to adjust that down for for daily use
being direct drive though it means that
it's going to be like super responsive
and realistic feeling or at least that's
the theory I have you're going to be the
judge of that for me cool I'm excited to
find out I'm legitimately curious to
find out how close we're going to get
the actual Racing Experience so am I
especially cuz we have the real steering
wheel oh no way they didn't tell me they
got this this is the OG wheel from the
actual car and then we've just got a
mosa adapter plate on it yeah we CNC
machined the little adapter oh my God
that is so cool it's going to feel very
real okay but we're not ready to do the
steering wheel yet there we go you know
it's funny I was going to volunteer to
be the one to screw it in and then I
realized like you probably have more
experience working on low rigs than I do
so I guess you get to screw it in right
and hopefully I'll get to do some of the
cabling too yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah no don't worry I'll save some for
you here we
go get a jack no no no we don't need a
jack we're good we're good I got it I
got it don't even worry don't even worry
I promise I have very rarely dropped
heavy things on other YouTubers faces
you promise you're not going to kill me
I mean it probably wouldn't kill them
right no this really is the perfect
intersection of tech and cars right like
the experience of working on it right
right that is true not that different
it's not now tell me something they
seemed really proud of this seat for
some reason is what's the story behind
the seat this is a very close
approximation of a real Lamborghini seat
from this era the same look the same
stitching the same sort of feel I think
we found it on eBay it was probably out
of a car that crashed and killed
somebody no I'm kidding probably just
caught on
fire but the seat's good yeah the seat
was really hard to get into this if you
look we had to make a completely custom
plate on the bottom because these are
like fiberglass right into the car it
was awful that's super cool great work
Justin thank you I realized we didn't
even talk about the pedals have a feel
the brake should be pretty cool there's
a load cell in it so it's supposed to
feel like it feels Breaky yeah exactly
and then the clutch is three-stage so
it's supposed to kind of mimic the feel
of real clutch engagement yeah it does
okay impressive good if he says it's
good then I'm good um also the travel is
completely adjustable so whether you've
put something aftermarket in your car or
whether something is worn or whatever
else you can kind of adjust everything
make it actually feel correct yeah got
it and really that's what this rig is
all about with the authentic seat with
the paint job with the adjustability we
want to get this as close to keeping you
safe so you don't feel like you need to
get in the real one all the time you
know as possible right good I appreciate
that we're just looking up for your
audience thank you so much yeah we've
already spoiled the genuine Kosh wheel
so obviously we're going to be giving
Doug that but do you want to talk
through the other two wheels that we're
going to be equipping him with we've got
this F1 style wheel here it has clutches
in the back really really nice dual
shifting clutch CL stuff is that real
carbon fiber yeah forged carbon fiber
here also more of like a rally GT car
style one this is legit look at all
these buttons what could all these
things possibly do I assumed you would
tell me well I I've never seen a button
that says box on a steering R before
whip whip whip wiper okay thanks I don't
know it just says WIP I assumed it
didn't mean work in progress so these
are all programmable you can map them to
whatever you want some of them will be
actual car things while some them will
be like Advanced to next race or
whatever else no okay that's fun but you
haven't even touched this one yet oo
real Nappa leather ooh the Box button is
back and whip wow this is legit too and
forged carbon it seems so much better
than what you get in a normal car I know
right and certainly better than what you
get in the Countach speaking of yes we
spoiled this earlier but I think now is
a perfectly good time to show you how to
swap out your wheels so go ahead and
take this okay put it on there easy and
then when this is powered it'll be
locked but I'll just hold it for you now
go ahead and twist yeah there we go
there we go now it's engaged yep by the
way uh you probably noticed there bit of
a gaping hole in our
planning just kidding the plan is
perfect Joel telling 3D printing nerd
he's sending over a custom centerpiece
for it that is going to look it's
getting printed on a Muki 3D printer
that does inkjet stuff oh that's that
one the multicolor one yeah it looks
insane and then it really will look like
the original kach oh it will will hey we
got power on on the display now yeah
it's a little far away for a typical
windshield but don't worry we're going
to get that in closer for now we want to
install your butt kicker oh I can't wait
okay turn
around no no I'm kidding that's an
actual thing I'm kidding it's an actual
thing these are lots of fun now you
specifically asked us to not give you a
full motion Sim but we still wanted it
to feel like you're in a car unlike a
full motion rig which is going to take
ages to set up and get working the butt
kicker just uses your in-game audio and
basically is kind of a subwoofer that is
attached to your butt right and it is
literally called the butt kicker yeah
that seems right so where do I where
does it go in your butt no no no I okay
well here we we'll go over there one sec
this is a situation where Doug's
preferences may have accidentally made
his rig a little bit better for his
purposes a full motion SIM can even slow
you down in some situations because they
aren't always super accurate compared to
driving a real car so all this does is
kind of fill in the low end and improve
immersion a little bit long after your
actual subwoofer has given up we got
four butt kickers yes my butt's really
going to get kicked $1,400 worth of butt
kicking did we really need four Alex we
asked them for one and then they were
like what about we send you four we were
like
sure that's perfect four is better than
one yeah until you wire them all oh
question for you Alex is he expected to
put this all back together once we ship
it to him I assume we're shipping it
right we're going to ship it and I'm
pretty sure but don't say 100% sure but
I'm pretty sure that advanced Sim racing
is going to send over some text to your
office and set it all up for you I
already did it once do it again no
problem yeah all right this is all me
yeah never mind Mark Andre uh you don't
need to do that service uh no no please
Doug can do it please now Alex you said
you felt very strongly about this
particular choice do you expl why so
many Sim racing shifters just feel like
there's a stick with a couple buttons
this right here from bdh has an actual
shifter linkage inside of it that runs
through here and it's modeled off of a
Ford Escort RS causw word no way
interesting and has super easy switching
between sequential and H pattern and
also using this knob right here you can
really easily change how much force
there is to move it's it feels
incredible you can switch between an
actual manual pattern and a sequential
and it features hall effect sensors for
an extra long life what are you hooking
up now Alex oh just power for the wheel
base oh that actually makes sense I was
like that's a pretty big power adapter
surely that can't be for yes it can like
I said if you're not careful you can
actually break your wrist in this right
right right I'm going to try to avoid
that remember the goal is safety if you
just want to line up one of them for me
yeah it's lined up which one uh this one
here okay yeah so play play around with
that whoa now we're this feeling real
this position actually seems pretty good
does this this moves right this can move
up down uh yes although you know in the
real couch my knees are right up against
the steering wheel so this feels right
oh okay we actually need to make it not
ergonomically friendly in order to mimic
the actual
car my turn to go upside down okay yeah
where do you want it do the other one do
the one closer to you that one's perfect
right now in there oh yeah you better
believe it I'm going to get you back in
the chair since we moved it around so
much I'm so sorry all right let's see
now man getting in and out of this thing
is chore for you hey is it as bad as the
real one no the real one is much worse
cool we got to tighten up the shifting
though oh there we go that's feeling oh
it's so hard that's that's right that is
correct almost unusable that's what we
need while I tighten this up why don't
you check out your handbrake ooh
handbrake yeah no handbrake button for
this guy wow so I can do drifts oh yeah
this thing 100 bucks very simple just
bolt it on should be fine and we have a
couple different positions it can go in
depending on where exactly you want it
okay perfect how's that feel wonderful
like I can do some
drifts that looks awful I think this
isn't even tight enough compared to the
real car but I'm going to leave it there
cuz it seems like that's all we need to
do that's life let me tell you something
you drive this car about 20 minutes
you're like well I'm good for the week
I'm I'm all set thanks and that's how I
want it to feel when I'm playing my sim
too speaking of inconvenience are we
really going to install 5.1 surround
Alex yeah why not because it's really
inconvenient we can just like zip tie it
on for the day ooh that's the right way
to do it that's the Lamborghini way to
do it I didn't even know anyone bothered
to make high-end 5.1 surround setups for
PC anymore but here it is the steel
series Arena 9 there's your Center
Channel yes the true V12 soundtrack
comes through there we go that's not
going anywhere I'm guessing that's not
too far off to the fast ing Solutions in
the K either that's right that's right
you've done a beautiful job
oh oh oh no
way oh yeah buddy I promise we're really
close to actually drifting around a
track but first we need to see if the
butt kickers Works do you want to go
ahead and fire up some audio yeah let's
do
[Music]
it perfect four butt kickers might be a
lot no it's great that's how volume this
thing is going to vibrate itself
apart just like a real car
[Music]
whoa oh my God the sound of the brakes
is that supposed to be like that there's
light there's light well yeah there's
light in the world no I've never seen
light before how's it feel though how's
it feel amazing it's so it's so real
real istic there's a lot of feedback
here which is so cool oh yeah there's a
turd here forgot about that one that's
okay that's okay you didn't wreck it you
didn't wreck it and if you did hey it's
a digital wre yeah although the butt
kickers would probably really kick my
butt the wheel feedback is amazing it
really does feel like the real car
there's a lot of it's like heavy
and
oh and it's it wants to get squirly all
the time which is true of the real car
too I have never driven my car like this
so I have no idea if this is how it
behave in this
situation
oh can even hear the carburetor noises
it's quite amazing oh oh you're just
fighting this car it's so accurate it's
all you ever doing my arms hurt it's a
pain in the butt but it was the right
call Alex to have the speakers yeah the
speakers are great headphones is not
going to feel right okay we should have
a look at your best lap and then I
should see what I can do this is going
to be my best lap for sure H don't jinx
it I haven't left the track yet
oh oh man those brakes what an accurate
representation of this car the feel of
the steering wheel especially whenever I
get out of my actual one my arms hurt
and they do right
now that was the lap that was okay if
you guys are enjoying this by the way
over on Flow plane we're going to have
Doug's take on ploofs modified Civic
Mighty Car Mods had their way with it
and
it's now okay this is a 2004 Honda Civic
that's purple tell me about this
car oh man oh wow she really does yeah
she Vibes this is real life I'm going to
need this seat quite a bit further for
oh uh-oh well we made it for
you can you not all oh it hits the
shifter it hits the shifter well it'll
be like driving my dad's car all right
so the time to beat is 2 minutes yeah
just about oh wow that is really heavy
good Lord I don't even think that's as
heavy as the real car I couldn't shift
the real car like I was shifting this
one oh my God you made it look who God
oh God oh God oh God oh God oh God oh
I'm going to die just bent some valves
in the engine no question about it oh my
God the how did you do four labs this is
ridiculous oh boy oh God no oh no I
forgot about the turn no it's okay it's
okay it's okay all right the cork screw
is coming up you got to be really
careful here uh-huh yeah I mean yeah oh
that's not going to do it
that's God so what we're learning is
never let me drive your car brakes
brakes I am hitting the brakes okay
brother breakes more brakes for God's
sake this uh LED indicator on the front
here for your RPM is actually really
nice it really helps yeah oh you're
going way too fast you're dead oh no no
no I'm not dead I'm not dead I'm not
dead I got this i got this i got this
we're going to get back on the track
come on let's go let's go I forget which
way this turn goes I guess left brakes
for God sake I mean I was on the brakes
before was that not enough is it not
it's never enough Breaking for you well
all right all right you were 16 and 1/2
seconds off the face on that lap you
want to do it again
nope that's stressful dude my forearm I
know it's hard is it unique to this car
cuz that is exactly how the Kosh drives
it is that hard to use the steering
wheel you might have to drop the force
feedback for other cars that really was
like quite a real look at what this car
drives like I assume would drive like on
a racetrack it was felt just as Buzzy
the shifter was just as hard the
steering was just as hard the braking
was just as bad should we try a
different car well why don't we just try
a more modern Lamborghini then sure the
Huracan
performante you ready
okay room I can see why people like the
older cars though this is almost like
kind of sanitized yeah it's easy it's
too easy how's the wheel feel the wheel
is still pretty harsh more like the
Countach I think okay so that's
something that you might have to
fine-tune as you go then yeah oh we're
only at half wow for that k run let's
say 30% probably how's that when way
easier and more accurate to the car
honestly this thing feels like a
spaceship yeah in comparison compar to
yeah even still I'm breaking too early
I'm still trying to adjust from the old
car now I feel less stupid about how I
was breaking last time I know I just
didn't know the car like that's how
that's how you're braking now
effectively you just give it a little
okay slow down buddy right and then
you're good to go this car is enormously
more forgiving too that that car was
just a lot more
sketchy okay let's see what we're going
to get man I'm going to do a 144 so I'm
15 seconds faster than the fastest I did
in the other car and that's after only a
couple of laps that's two laps yeah now
tell me this for the price we paid for
this rig which is about
$188,000 Grand would we be better off
just hopping onto cars and bids and just
buying a Lamborghini uh you probably
can't find a Lamborghini for $18,000 but
not even a really old one no but you can
certainly find someone usual stuff for
that money why don't you show us how
much the car we're driving is worth this
is probably the closest to Pro actually
truthfully this is the Clos its
approximation to what we were driving
although it is
yellow uh what the hell I know that's
why I was cringing when you slammed it
into the wall 10 times it's a valuable
vehicle and it is a little bit more than
the $118,000 of this of this particular
driving situation but it doesn't it
doesn't let you crash into the wall so
in a sense the simulator is better let's
change gears and let's find a car that
costs the same as our Sim I found one
hold on Alex no we don't have screen cap
running on that put that away okay that
I'm pulling that up though that's the
there you go oh dang it this is what you
want $188,000 okay here we go 2002
Bentley Arnage look at this thing this
has turbocharged V8 massive car mhm and
this is the kind of car that you you own
the factory you drive this car you know
what I'm saying look at this look at
this quilted look at these quilted seats
imagine the luxury you could have in
your life for 18 G's is that a sheep
skin foot like M it's Lamb's wool Lamb's
wool you ever have that I wouldn't want
to wear my shoes in there you don't you
get in you take off your shoes and it
feels amazing on your bare feet who
would take their shoes off to get in
their car you want to rub it on your
face what no you're kidding me no it's
not you actually kidding me I mean you
wouldn't do that I would consider doing
that look you could have a trade table
you got a trade table in your tyon no
exactly so what do you think of the
setup it's amazing it's awesome it's so
cool I actually think that the butt
kickers are amazing they really add a
element of realism to this that's like
special I'm not going to lie I was kind
of questioning it when we came into this
but it works it gives the car like a
rumble that really is like accurate yeah
and you don't feel you don't need like
an entire motion rig in order to have
that feeling you can just kind of
vibrate it along with the frequency of
the of the audio and it's like yeah
especially for the these cars that
vibrate so much when you go over the
rumble strips and the graph yeah gravel
it like really does a good job of
capturing that it's pretty impressive
it's pretty cool actually yeah and you
know what else is really cool is uh our
sponsor for this video origin PC we
didn't really talk about it much but
notice that while we could hear the
speakers and feel the butt
kickers we couldn't hear a bloody thing
from this darn near silent liquid cooled
computer and it'll handle any game we
want to run at Absolute maximum settings
even though he's running half of 8K
resolution which by the way is twice as
many pixels as 4K right unintuitively
right cuz it's half instead of a
quarter it's a lot of pixels but I think
it's worth it for the immersion and it
really does feel immersive it's quite
amazing so now that this is set up this
is about as jump in and go as it gets
right and that's kind of the that's what
I want to do want to just when the whim
strikes me I want to just jump in and go
and now I can if you guys enjoyed this
video and you're into the intersection
of technology and cars maybe you like
the time we put a turbo on a
laptop yes yeah like an electric turbo
right so it just did it do anything it
blew out so much air that the keyboard
bowed out that's great that's what you
want your laptop to do so